Not y'all can sell it City all over
United and they score.
It's an own goal by Harry Bailey City
since the first blast of the whistle
have just been in complete control of
this match.
And at last, they have a gold that
their players merited and it's an
own goal by Eric by the flag stays
down till phones.
In acres of space.
Je-sus is come towards him, too.
and now Jesu, so, How did that stay
out Jay-Z's thought he'd scored.
It's a brilliant save.
My teachers can't get out of their
own box.
At the moment.
To brine are great.
Save again, to hey, is keeping United
in this game.
John can sell.
Oh, it's a cheesing ball.
Oh, it's gone in, but not a silver.
Didn't seem possible, but he somehow
squeeze it in and right on halftime
at last City.
Have the second goal that their
domination of this game is deserved
Bernardo silver honoured, has he even
keep this in Play?
Nevermind, score and City are two up
in the Darby.
Ciao, ciao.
Bye Jay.
Zeus and on it goes to the broiler
and gundo Aunt in space and
phone-ins further over.
He's clipped a post.
Well, it's been so one-sided, 10
years ago, City be United 61 here.
It's not going to be 6, but it's been
a complete and total embarrassment.
United outclassed outplayed and be
eaten by the blues again.